add vrf rr docker setup guide (#69)
Bisonai/orakl-docs: en/node-operators-guide/request-response.md

Before launching the Request-Response solution, the **Orakl Network API** has to be accessible from the **Orakl Network Request-Response** to load listener settings.

> After the **Orakl Network API** is healthy, launch the VRF service, which consists of listener, worker, and reporter microservices, with the command below. Microservices communicate with each other through the BullMQ - job queue.

Reviewer: @Intizar-T ```suggestion
After the **Orakl Network API** is healthy, launch the Request-Response service, which consists of listener, worker, and reporter microservices, with the command below. Microservices communicate with each other through the BullMQ - job queue.
```

```sh
yarn start:core:request_response
```

> For development purposes, the service can be run with `nodemon`, which automatically restarts all the microservices when file changes are detected, using the following command:

Reviewer 2: how about making it shorter?
```
run in dev mode through following command
```

Author: good point. I thought it might be useful to mention we are using nodemon but i guess if anyone's interested they can figure out by looking in to the package.json

```sh
yarn dev:core:request_response
```

It's also possible to run the microservices separately in any arbitrary order:

```sh
yarn start:listener:request_response
yarn start:worker:request_response
yarn start:reporter:request_response
```

## Quick launch with Docker

> From [orakl]() repository's root, run the following command to build all images:

Reviewer: @Intizar-T I think the link cannot work 🤔

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.local-core.yaml build
```

> Set wallet credentials, `ADDRESS` and `PRIVATE_KEY` values, in the [.core-cli-contracts.env](https://github.com/Bisonai/orakl/blob/master/dockerfiles/local-vrf-rr/envs/.core-cli-contracts.env) file. Keep in mind that the default chain is `localhost`. If you'd like to change it to either `baobab` or `cypress`, update `CHAIN` and `PROVIDER_URL` values in the earlier mentioned `.env` file. Note that if the chain is not `localhost`, `Coordinator` and `Prepayment` contracts won't be deployed. Instead, Bisonai's already deployed contract addresses ([VRF](https://github.com/Bisonai/vrf-consumer/blob/master/hardhat.config.ts), [RR](https://github.com/Bisonai/request-response-consumer/blob/master/hardhat.config.ts)) will be used. After setting the appropriate `.env` values, run the following command to start the Request-Response service:

Reviewer 2: does the `ealier mentioned `.env` file stand for `.core-cli-contracts.env`? in that case, I think you can just say
```
If changes are required, update `CHAIN` and `PROVIDER_URL` values
```

```bash
SERVICE=rr docker-compose -f docker-compose.local-core.yaml up --force-recreate
```

**Note** that the current docker implementation is designed to run a single service, either `rr` or `vrf`, at a time. Therefore, it's highly recommended to add `--force-recreate` when running `docker-compose up` command. That will restart all containers thus removing all the modified data in those containers.

Here is what happens after the above command is run:

- `api`, `postgres`, `redis`, and `json-rpc` services will start as separate docker containers
- `postgres` will get populated with necessary data:
  - chains
  - services
  - listener (after contracts are deployed)
  - reporter (after contracts are deployed)
- migration files in `contracts/v0.1/migration/` get updated with provided keys and other values
- if the chain is `localhost`:
  - `contracts/v0.1/hardhat.config.cjs` file gets updated with `PROVIDER_URL`

>   - relevant coordinator and prepayment contracts get deployed

Reviewer 2: how about using numbered list here if it is ordered one

Author: it might be a bit hard to number according to the execution order because some of these run in parallel and others wait for certain conditions. And there are conditional cases as well
